
#### AVOID FLOATING PRAGMAS: THE VERSION SHOULD BE LOCKED

The pragma declared across the solution is ^0.8.6. Locking the pragma (for e.g. by not using ^ in pragma solidity 0.8.6) ensures that contracts do not accidentally get deployed using an older compiler version with unfixed bugs. (see [here](https://swcregistry.io/docs/SWC-103))



#### EVENT IS MISSING INDEXED FIELDS


Each event should use three indexed fields if there are three or more fields.

contracts/base/ERC721Checkpointable.sol
```solidity
73: 
    event DelegateVotesChanged(address indexed delegate, uint256 previousBalance, uint256 newBalance);

contracts/governance/NounsDAOInterfaces.sol
37-47:
    event ProposalCreated(
        uint256 id,
        address proposer,
        address[] targets,
        uint256[] values,
        string[] signatures,
        bytes[] calldatas,
        uint256 startBlock,
        uint256 endBlock,
        string description
    );
50-62:
    event ProposalCreatedWithRequirements(
        uint256 id,
        address proposer,
        address[] targets,
        uint256[] values,
        string[] signatures,
        bytes[] calldatas,
        uint256 startBlock,
        uint256 endBlock,
        uint256 proposalThreshold,
        uint256 quorumVotes,
        string description
    );
70:
    event VoteCast(address indexed voter, uint256 proposalId, uint8 support, uint256 votes, string reason);
```


#### NO STORAGE GAP FOR UPGRADEABLE CONTRACT MIGHT LEAD TO STORAGE SLOT COLLISION

For upgradeable contracts, there must be storage gap to “allow developers to freely add new state variables in the future without compromising the storage compatibility with existing deployments” (quote OpenZeppelin). Otherwise it may be very difficult to write new implementation code. Without storage gap, the variable in child contract might be overwritten by the upgraded base contract if new variables are added to the base contract. This could have unintended and very serious consequences to the child contracts, potentially causing loss of user fund or cause the contract to malfunction completely.

While some contracts may not currently be sub-classed, adding the variable now protects against forgetting to add it in the future, or making current state variable changes.

The storage gap is essential for upgradeable contract because “It allows us to freely add new state variables in the future without compromising the storage compatibility with existing deployments”. 

contracts/governance/NounsDAOInterfaces.sol
- NounsDAOStorageV1
- NounsDAOStorageV1Adjusted
- NounsDAOStorageV2

None of the above contain storage gap, in case new state variables added in the future and change the layout of the contract, the gap will become essential to keep the upgradable contract's upgradeability.

Refer to the bottom part of Openzepplin [article](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/upgrades-plugins/1.x/writing-upgradeable), which talks about the slot overwrite. 

Here is the reference to the usage of gap variable:
- the bottom part of this OZ [article](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/3.x/upgradeable)
- this OZ [issue](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts-upgradeable/issues/47)

Suggestion:
Add appropriate storage gap at the end of upgradeable contracts such as below. Can also reference OpenZeppelin upgradeable contract templates.

```
    uint256[50] private __gap;
```

#### Redundant `require()` check

```solidity
contracts/governance/NounsDAOLogicV1.sol
364-365:
        require(vetoer != address(0), 'NounsDAO::veto: veto power burned');
        require(msg.sender == vetoer, 'NounsDAO::veto: only vetoer');

contracts/governance/NounsDAOLogicV2.sol
375-376:
        require(vetoer != address(0), 'NounsDAO::veto: veto power burned');
        require(msg.sender == vetoer, 'NounsDAO::veto: only vetoer');
```

The first `vetoer != address(0)` check is redundant, because the subsequent line checks for `msg.sender == vetoer`, which ensures `vetoer` cannot be 0 address.




#### NATSPEC not complete

contracts/base/ERC721Checkpointable.sol

Suggestion:
Follow NATSPEC.



#### `_moveDelegates()` will never underflow

contracts/base/ERC721Checkpointable.sol
```solidity
    function _moveDelegates(
        address srcRep,
        address dstRep,
        uint96 amount
    ) internal {
        // ...
            if (srcRep != address(0)) {
                uint32 srcRepNum = numCheckpoints[srcRep];
                uint96 srcRepOld = srcRepNum > 0 ? checkpoints[srcRep][srcRepNum - 1].votes : 0;
                uint96 srcRepNew = sub96(srcRepOld, amount, 'ERC721Checkpointable::_moveDelegates: amount underflows');
                _writeCheckpoint(srcRep, srcRepNum, srcRepOld, srcRepNew);
            }
        // ...
    }
```

`_moveDelegates()` function is only called in `_delegate()` and `_beforeTokenTransfer()`, hence in `delegate()` and `transfer()`/`transferFrom()`.

- If in `delegate()`, `amount` is the NFF balance of `delegator`:
```solidity
205:        uint96 amount = votesToDelegate(delegator);

    function votesToDelegate(address delegator) public view returns (uint96) {
        return safe96(balanceOf(delegator), 'ERC721Checkpointable::votesToDelegate: amount exceeds 96 bits');
    }
```

And from `_delegate()`, the votes balance of `currentDelegate` is at least the same as the NFT balance of the `delegator` (if `currentDelegate` only get votes balance from this delegator and not no NFT balance). As a result, it won't underflow. 

- If in `transfer()`/`transferFrom()`, the `amount` would be 1, and `srcRepOld` would be > 0, so won't underflow.

Suggestion:
No need to check for underflow:
```solidity
        uint96 srcRepNew = srcRepOld - amount；
```

#### 0 address check for `delegateBySig()`

While `address(0)` is checked in `delegate()`, `delegateBySig()` does not have this check.

As a consequence, through `delegateBySig()` users might accidentally delegate to 0 address, and need to transfer the NFT and back to restore from the mistake.

Suggestion:
Add 0 address check in `delegateBySig()`, like in `delegate()`.
By doing this, in `_moveDelegates()`, the 0 address check for `srcRep` and `dstRep` can be skipped, since it can never happen. And some gas cost can be saved.


#### Two-step process of `delegate()`/`delegateBySig()`

Users might accidentally delegate to wrong address, although the mistake can be recovered by transferring the NFT and back, the procedure can be lots of work.

But a two-step process to delegate large amount of votes balance can be an option to make the delegate process more robust. It is similar to the approve-transferFrom functionality: The contract approves the new address for a new delegate, and the new address acquires the delegate by calling the contract.

Suggestion:
Add two-step delegation as another option in case of large amount votes balance delegate. Just like `transfer()` and `safeTransfer()`.


