- It would make more sense to me if the votes need to be equal to or higher than the proposalThreshold (https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-08-nounsdao/blob/c1c7c6201d0247f92472419ff657b570f9104565/contracts/governance/NounsDAOLogicV2.sol#L198). This would also be in line with the error message. Because it currently states "proposer votes below proposal threshold", but also reverts when the votes are equal to the threshold.
-  There is no way to revoke a signature that was given for delegation. Many projects have such a function, e.g. when the signature was provided by accident or to the wrong person.
- In `_delegate`, the event `DelegateChanged` is emitted, even when the delegatee was not changed. This could be confusing for applications that consume these events.
- `add96` (https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-08-nounsdao/blob/c1c7c6201d0247f92472419ff657b570f9104565/contracts/base/ERC721Checkpointable.sol#L269) will never show the `errorMessage`, because the calculation already reverts with Solidity 0.8. Consider using an `unchecked` such that the correct message is shown when an overflow occurs.
- Since Solidity 0.8, `block.chainid` could be used, there is no need to use inline assembly to retrieve the chain ID.
- The comment for `MAX_QUORUM_VOTES_BPS_UPPER_BOUND`(https://github.com/code-423n4/2022-08-nounsdao/blob/c1c7c6201d0247f92472419ff657b570f9104565/contracts/governance/NounsDAOLogicV2.sol#L86) is wrong, as it states 4,000 basis points, but the value is 6,000 basis points.
- In `_burnVetoPower`, the comment `// Check caller is pendingAdmin and pendingAdmin ≠ address(0)` is wrong (probably a copy paste error).
- `state` returns `ProposalState.Defeated` for the (non-existing) proposal with ID 0. While this is not extremely problematic, it is wrong, could lead to problems in the future, and it is not in line with the function otherwise (as it reverts for non-exiting proposals). Consider reverting for ID 0.
- Unlike the transfer of the admin, the transfer of the vetoer is not a two-step process with confirmation. Consider also implementing a two-step process to avoid accidentally losing the vetoer possibility when it is not intended.
